please describe your job title and
primary duties I'm a photo specialist
basically I operate in the photo
Department I develop film I assist
customers we also have to run the
register stock which usually would deal
with the cooler in the freezer generally
what you have to do what was the work
environment like it's a I guess the
regular work environment it's it's
friendly everybody seems to be there's
nobody that dislikes each other or
everybody is on good terms with each
other and we all work help each other
out please describe a typical day as an
employee well for me I would normally
just go into the go in there clock in I
usually check to see if we have any
orders for people that you know that
have dropped off film and sometimes I'll
help customers on our kiosk where they
do digital film and my manager will many
times they'll have like a list and
they'll ask you to do certain things
whether it's stocked the shelves and the
grocery department or the dry shelf
and that's about it and then at the end
of the day if you close you have to face
the store how would you describe the
application and interview process they
take all of their applicants online and
interview process if I remember
correctly they just they'll just call
you in and you just have an interview
it's just one interview I've never known
you want to come in twice or three times
what questions to think of you were
asked during the job interview
the main question that always stands out
is they always ask what can you bring to
the company and that's that's usually
the hardest question for me but they
it's like why should I hire you
basically that's the main question that
I usually get on any interview but that
one I remember the most and I mean it's
usually just they'll ask you some things
like what would you do if a customer
came in and give you a situation and
they'll ask you for a response
it's just questions like that usually
what set you apart from other candidates
right I've seen some people come in and
they're not really they're not really
dressed up or anything like I usually
would dress up whether it's a suit or
something at least that at least gives
an impression that you're about
something so that's a big thing and then
I also I think I just answered their
responses pretty accurately or what they
were looking for what other advice would
you give to a job seeker looking to get
employment
the I would probably say well first off
you have to get the job and that's I
would say the main thing there is to
kind of be persistent I know some jobs
don't want you to continuously call up
and ask but if the manager is not
persistent or if they don't insist that
you wait for them for them to call you
you should you know at least call and I
would also recommend probably talking to
the store manager because that you know
at least they can put a name with the
face and then you you know and store
managers actually told me that before
you know they like the people that will
actually call in because sometimes like
they have so many applicants it's like
you can just pick anybody's needle in
the haystack basically so when somebody
calls in it just helps you know know
that they actually care and they want to
work